what's up guys it is a very rainy day in
New York quit I am at B&H photo video
right now and we're about to light you
so to do something crazy I mean I really
don't know how to explain it I think
we're just gonna have to show you but
look who I'm with
hey it's Eric yeah it's John
and it's wow it's been a minute
[Music]
so far so fun I would have never
imagined that I would be skateboarding a
booster boarding inside the B&H mega
photo video store where I buy my
camera's stuff like it's Sam it's a
madhouse in here how are we allowed here
what is happening
he has been doing some gnarly trick I
appreciate that thank you what's next
this Eric you kind of put the ground
pretty hard there at least I wasn't
standing true
are we not well lit we always live in we
always live hey Liz Wow on alig Sam
until it a I turn my children car into a
lid I gets now it's blue pearl marble I
really noise follow Sam on the Twitter
so we're going cuz he's a lit a Nelson
them no but follow Eric a dare Conover I
mean scrim only awesome yes it was blitz
it was I got up to dangerous speeds in
the store but nothing broke nothing I'm
going about one no one really got hurt
nothing broke no bones were cameras on a
scale from one to Sarah how awesome was
it so much fun fun skating around one of
my favorite photo video stores now Rossi
out
oh hey we can sleep here so we're not
sleeping here wow what guys I feel like
a total idiot you know I was just
minding my own business in my apartment
editing videos I'm like all spinny right
now let me explain to you why I have ice
on my head right now
this plant is usually in that corner
when it's gloomy and rainy outside it
doesn't get a lot of light so I was like
let's move it in here for today I was
like yes let's move the plant screwing
it over when I got to this point I was
like let's pick up the plant go to pick
up with everything I have and my head
just met the corner of this desk um and
I kind of just laid on the floor for
five minutes okay
okay I'm really glad I got that on
camera i legit ibly just stepped on a
plug and almost killed myself again
something is wrong with me
I already have like an egg growing on
the top of my head from that my name is
Sarah I'm super clumsy and hurt myself
alone well I'm in my own apartment
you're probably like Sarah get your life
together
I'm working on it guys it's process
whenever you do something stupid and you
feel down you feel down on yourself just
remember Sarah deechi peachy hits her
head on the side of furniture and knocks
herself out okay I'm going to go in a
corner and cry my apartment is smallish
but the idea behind the second desk in
the living room is so homies can come
and be productive what sure is that I
don't see you editing a video what are
you doing I'm getting ideas and getting
inspired definitely just sitting here
watching a couple hours of past since I
unfortunately hit my head I don't think
I lost too many brain cells but
yesterday was so epic doing all the
skateboard things in B&H photo video and
I have a proposition for you guys why
now I have tweeted out the link for this
vlog and all you have to do is go to my
Twitter go to my pin tweet at the top of
my Twitter profile and give this video a
retweet I'm going to give away this is a
very exclusive giveaway because very few
people have this hat I'm going to give
away three peachy hats um to anyone who
has retweeted that tweet but it's like a
dope peach and look what it says on the
back stay peachy so all you gotta do is
go to my Twitter and retweet the link of
this vlog I'm gonna pick three of you
guys and just send it to you for free
that one I mean I guess Oh
yeah retweet all it takes the retweet I
know you guys have been wanting me to
make a camera here video for a while
ever since I went from Canon to Sony but
I just haven't completed my whole gear
setup quite yet because I've been
selling a lot of my old Canon stuff on
eBay so I could then have the funds to
really fill out my new setup so it
worked out and I just made two pretty
big purchases that I'm gonna bring you
guys along to come get and I also have
another video that I've made in the past
that kind of talks about how do you buy
gear and how do you buy stuff when you
are into photography or videography or
music even you know musical equipment is
very expensive I've been through all of
that since like eighth grade and I kind
of just talked about my journey of jobs
and reselling stuff so you can watch it
right here you haven't seen that yet but
yeah let's go get some fun new gear
it's very gross rainy day outside we
have arrived to be an H pick up the
lenses feels like we were just here
alright let's do an unboxing the first
ones that I got is a sony 70 to 200 here
it is
feels great feel sturdy good hunk of
glass pump to get it on camera and see
how it looks
got some new Sony batteries cuz the
off-brand Amazon ones that I have suck
and this is the second lens that I got
it is these eye 16 to 35 F for a lot of
my friends have this lens and it's dope
super versatile and why it's a nice time
to gloss
I honestly very excited about not having
to use my adapters with my Canon lenses
I am going to do a full video about that
journey very soon I'm stoked to have
some more Sony glass in my life
work in my a7 s and a7 are more into
just videos and pictures and stuff
[Music]
so it is a crazy snowy day in New York
City ah I had a moment today where I was
like oh yeah I live in a place that
snowing is normal this Texas girl is not
used to this but it's exciting and but
it's a good opportunity to tell you
where I'm going I'm actually going
somewhere very not snowy and sunny and
I'm so excited that I can finally
announce it on here I'm going to believe
it's one of the reasons why I've been
kind of revamping my camera setup
because I'm going on this trip to shoot
a dope video with EF college break and
what's so cool about this opportunity is
Edith's college break is actually the
group that I went to Greece on just for
a trip when I was in college it
basically is like trips with 30 to 40
college-age students anyone from 18 to
26 and go on it I've been posting travel
videos and stuff to my youtube channel
for a long time in that Greece video
it's still just a one of my favorite
videos ever that I made you can watch it
if you haven't seen it before but it's
so cool because I went on that trip just
as an attendee and now I get to go back
as someone who gets to like make a video
for them and so not only are you going
to be seeing a few videos come out of
this trip but also also also EF College
Rick is hooking up the Pichu fam with a
discount code so you know if you watch
the Greece video and then you're kind of
digging the vibes from Belize you're
like ding I want to go on a trip like
this you can use my discount code and
get monies off you can get the monies
off so thank you if college break I'm so
insanely stoked for this not just for
the trip but also this is like a company
and a brand that I actually love and
I've experienced what it's like to be on
a trip just has like a normal person and
so to be able to work with them and this
capacity is just dope is dope oh yeah
that discount probably in the top line
of the description um and I hope you
guys have the best day ever remember
January the week of January 23rd is when
all the new schedule starts of you're
gonna have some
on this channel every single day we'll
see how long it lasts I don't know but
it's 2017 and we're gonna get hype
around here and it's going to be awesome
so until next time stay peachy okay bye
the night that I got back the drive home
from the airport I experienced the most
epic sunset of my life
[Music]